README.md, before:

# Tendenci Vagrant

Run Tendenci locally with access to edit addons and themes via vagrant and Virtualbox.

## Requirements

You will need the following software installed to use the Tendenci vagrant virtualbox:

- Virtualbox (https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- Vagrant (http://www.vagrantup.com/)
- Git (optional) (http://git-scm.com/)

## Installation and Use

From the command line, clone this repo with git, or [download the project](https://github.com/tendenci/tendenci-vagrant/archive/master.zip).

    git clone https://github.com/tendenci/tendenci-vagrant.git

Next, from the command line cd to the project and launch the virtualbox with vagrant. The **first** run will download the box (700+ mb), so it may take a few minutes. Once downloaded, subsequent uses of `vagrant up` can be run in under a minute.

    cd tendenci-vagrant
    vagrant up

This will start a server. Travel to http://127.0.0.1:8080 in your browser to use the Tendenci site. You can use `admin` as the username and password to the Tendenci site at http://127.0.0.1:8080/login/.

To edit themes or add a new theme, please see the files in the tendenci-vagrant/themes folder. You can add additional themes that can be downloaded from https://github.com/tendenci/tendenci-themes

Commit message:

Added clarifying text
Added clarifying text to help new or even experienced developers who haven't used vagrant before get up and running quickly.

README.md, after:

# Tendenci Vagrant

Run Tendenci locally with access to edit addons and themes via vagrant and Virtualbox.

## Requirements

You will need the following software installed to use the Tendenci vagrant virtualbox:

- Virtualbox (https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- Vagrant (http://www.vagrantup.com/)
- Git (optional) (http://git-scm.com/)

## Installation and Use

First verify you have downloaded the files listed above. You may not use them directly but they are dependencies needed to run the Tendenci vagrant box.

Next from the command line, clone this repo with git, or [download the project](https://github.com/tendenci/tendenci-vagrant/archive/master.zip).

For example on a Mac, launch Terminal (Command + Spacebar to get to Spotlight and then type "Terminal". 
Once in Terminal try:

    cd ~
    mkdir code
    cd code
    git clone https://github.com/tendenci/tendenci-vagrant.git

Next, from the command line cd to the project and launch the virtualbox with vagrant. The **first** run will download the box (700+ mb), so it may take a few minutes. Once downloaded, subsequent uses of `vagrant up` can be run in under a minute.

    cd tendenci-vagrant
    vagrant up

This will start a server. Travel to http://127.0.0.1:8080 in your browser to use the Tendenci site. You can use `admin` as the username and password to the Tendenci site at http://127.0.0.1:8080/login/.

To edit themes or add a new theme, please see the files in the tendenci-vagrant/themes folder. You can add additional themes that can be downloaded from https://github.com/tendenci/tendenci-themes
